guys today I'm gonna bring you guys a
2010 mercedes-benz e350 CDI we're gonna
check it out
this is a 1:18 scale model by Mesa and
I'm gonna show you what I think of it
starting off from the front of the e 350
CDI um it has some good detail to it one
thing I do not like is this plastic
ornament should be metal also the grille
is plastic the headlights have some nice
detail into them HIDs along with the
LEDs in the lower portion Denmark plate
little D right there and this Mercedes
logo has some nice detail to it right on
the grill there moving along to the side
of the 350 the 350 has some nice detail
to it as the front does too these wheels
are very nicely crafted compared to the
real ones which I have seen on a real
III 50 CDI along with this blue
efficiency logo right there that is hard
to see but you can see it in detail in
person and it looks very nice white LED
turn signal mirrors which are shown very
nicely chrome trim going down the side
of the vehicle along with chrome handles
and moving on to the back you have your
wraparound tail lamps now as this is the
luxury e350 CBI you have some nice dual
exhaust tips that stick out of the
bumper nicely um one of the tips is
showing out slightly more than the other
if you can see these nice wraparound
tail lamps have good quality and really
show the LED feature III 50 is just
printed on it looks like it's a little
more towards the center of vehicle
rather than near the side Mercedes logo
looks nice and centered
CDI nice and printed and along with the
Denmark plates and these exhaust tips
the chromed on the inside which they
should be black but that's fine one
thing this eClass does nicely that not a
lot of many mesa stout cars do is it has
color coded Trump mostly or most of the
time they are black trunks but this one
matches tan with the tan leather
interior so that is one plus for the
e350 moving to the interior of the 350
the detail is very nice as you can see
these leather seats look very nice along
with the leather on the doors and the
wood you have your memory seat controls
on the door as well and your Mercedes
steering wheel with your Center
accenting an aluminum trim right on the
bottom of the wheel the seatbelt lock is
red as it should be as it would be in
the railcar
and if you can see that small touch down
the dorsal it does say mercedes-benz
which I do like a lot another plus for
the e-class
from the passenger side we can see many
more of the e-class of details including
the gauges that look very rec very
replicable to the real car along with
the command sat-nav system and the
infotainment all set up again
mercedes-benz on the dorsal and the burl
walnut trim again one of my favorite
trims under the hood of the e 350 CDI is
a 3.0 liter v6 pushing out around 248
horsepower but on the plus side around
430 pound-feet of torque
the diesel engine looks very nice with
warning labels nice piping on the inside
and the headlights accent the trunk the
engine can very well now my favorite
thing about this e-class is the paint
quality I just concede there are no
chips scratches or
anywhere except for what's on the clear
coat which could have got on for an any
debris but other than that the paint is
very nice I mean look at the way it
shines in that light so I hope you all
enjoyed the tour of this 2010
mercedes-benz e350 CDI made by maystow
and so I'll catch you guys next time